do you know what your problem is Kirk
but you're a Moodle a Moodle a man
poodle girls they want to take you out
on a walk they want to feed you they
want to cuddle yeah but no girl wants to
do the Moodle no one would ever do a
Moodle I think I lost my phone calm down
I'll call it hello hello thank God you
have my phone you're not supposed to be
on your phone it's bad for the plane oh
I'm sorry are you a plane doctor No so
shut the hell up I'd like to make it up
to you do you like coffee yes and you
don't get it why would she ask me out
are you nervous
yes this Molly is a hard ten meanwhile
the guide to five
nailed it I brought a girl with me so
please don't be a jerk are you a hooker
Dylan or a prostitute I mean nope oh
come on in for a dip girl yeah you know
what I don't even have a bathing suit
underwear is fine underwear would be
fine if I were wearing any you and I
both know he's not the kind of guy
usually end up with to pick a guy like
Kirk because he's safe or maybe because
he's just a nice guy
Tim this is Kirk boy I used to date
Oh God is my witness we'll get her back
honestly hi sexy that guy
yeah maybe Molly's a little
better-looking than I am a little are
you kidding me
I think the W here is one wicked hot box
and this trick of yours makes her look
like a pig what her pleasure
nope she's out of my league my [ __ ]
doesn't start for another half-hour
but I'm so excited I came early he said
was really excited and so he came early
does that ever happen to you it just
slipped out
you